If you're a small YouTuber and your
videos are getting zero views, this
2-minute hack will change everything,
I'm going to show you the hidden
settings that most creators don't even
know exist. Here's the brutal truth.
When you're a new channel, YouTube has
no idea what your content is about or
who should see it, so your videos get
buried. But YouTube actually tells us
how to fix this. According to YouTube,
new channels must rely on metadata, your
titles, descriptions, and other signals
to help the algorithm understand your
content. But there are three secret
settings that most creators never touch
that literally teach the algorithm who
you are, who should see your videos, and
get YouTube to start recommending your
content to the right people. I'm about
to walk you through each one. So, let's
start with the first one. Channel
keywords. These are invisible keywords
that describe your entire channel, not
just individual videos. Here's how.
Click your profile photo, go to YouTube
Studio, then click settings, then
channel. You'll see a keyword section
that 99% of creators leave empty. Add
broad keywords like fitness or finance
or whatever your channel is about, but
also add longtail phrases your audience
actually searches for. Instead of just
fitness, add how to lose weight fast or
home workout routines. As a regular
viewer browsing YouTube, you can't
actually see these keywords that
channels are using to help the algorithm
push their content to the right viewers.
But with a TubeBuddy extension
installed, you can spy on a channel's
keywords. That means you can go look at
the biggest channels in your niche, see
exactly what keywords they're using, and
model what's working for them. The
second hack is in the upload default
settings. In that same menu, click
upload defaults. This is gold because
every video you upload will
automatically include these descriptions
and tags. What I want you to do here is
write a description about your channel,
what it's about, who you help, what
topics you cover. If you need help, just
look at this video's description. But
think about this like your elevator
pitch for your channel. Now, every time
you upload a new video, YouTube will
automatically populate this entire
description. And above it, you can just
add whatever custom description you have
for that specific video. This saves a
load of time and makes sure that each
video has detailed information in the
description that helps the algorithm
push your video to the right viewers.
Now for the third and final setting,
default tags. This one is massive for
new channels because tags are one of the
main things that YouTube relies on when
your channel is brand new and the
algorithm doesn't have enough data about
your content yet. You'll find this in
the same upload default section. What
you want to do is add about two to five
tags that describe your channel as a
whole. These tags will automatically be
added to every single video you upload.
No extra work, no remembering to add
them manually. Just like with keywords,
you want to make sure you use a mix of
broad terms with longtail phrases. These
three settings work together like a GPS
for the algorithm. They tell YouTube
exactly where to drive your content so
your videos can get recommended to more
people. Now, getting recommended is just
the first step. If you're looking to get
monetized, watch time is going to be
critical. And if you want to hit that
4,000 hours of watchtime milestone
faster, I just made this video that I
want you to watch next.